New and updated docs for HIS Designer for Logic Apps and 3270 Design Tool (#935)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/application-integration-lahostapps.md

   | **Data Type** | The parameter's .NET data type |
   | **Name** | The parameter's name |
   | **Parameter Direction** | The method parameter's direction: **In**, **In/Out**, or **Out** |
   | **Error Handling** | Trigger an error, round, or truncate. |
   | **Host Data Type** | The parameter's COBOL or RPG data type |
   | **Precision** | The parameter's data precision |
   | **Trailing Filler** | For parameters where the length is less than the specified maximum, you must specify the filler size. |

1. Open the new method's shortcut menu, and select **Add Return Value**.

1. Open the return value's shortcut menu, and select **Properties**. Provide values for the return value's properties based on the following table:

   | Property | Description or value |
   |----------|----------------------|
   | **Is Array** | If true, you must set the array dimensions, which support arrays with up to 7 dimensions and 16,777,215 elements. You must also enter values for the array properties **Occurs Count In** and **Occurs Depending On**. |
   | **Return Type** | The return value's .NET data type |

>    | **Return Value Positioned After** | Indicate the position of of the return value relative to the parameters. |

Reviewer: Fix typo:

```suggestion
   | **Return Value Positioned After** | Indicate the position of the return value relative to the parameters. |
```

>    | **Use TICS Work Area** | Boolean value that instruct to use 256 byte working area which is kept over persistent connections and is placed at the beginning of the data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Use TICS Work Area** | A Boolean value that specifies to use a 256 byte working area, which is kept over persistent connections and is placed at the start of the data. |
```
